Add a vmware-dev variant (#1292)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: variants/README.md

The [aws-dev](aws-dev/Cargo.toml) variant has useful packages for local development of the OS.
It includes tools for troubleshooting as well as Docker for running containers.

### vmware-dev: Development build

> The [vmware-dev](vmware-dev/Cargo.toml) variant has useful packages for local development of the OS for running as a VMWare guest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [vmware-dev](vmware-dev/Cargo.toml) variant has useful packages for local development of the OS, and is intended to run as a VMWare guest.
```

> It includes tools for troubleshooting as well as Docker for running containers, and doesn't depend on AWS or IMDS for things like user data.
> User data will be read from a mounted CD-ROM, either from a file named "user-data" or from an OVF file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes tools for troubleshooting as well as Docker for running containers.
User data will be read from a mounted CD-ROM, either from a file named "user-data" or from an OVF file.
```
